OK, good.
So now we're going to test that out, of course.
This whole implementation is over because all the rest comes from our different templates.
That data we Bressington play, the data preprocessing took it and the logistic regression implementation,
you know, for the rest.
So now we can just run the whole code and see what happens.
India.
So basically we are ready to run this code.
But before let's not forget to upload the data set inside this notebook.
So let's click this upload button, then please find your machine learning.
Is it for there on your machine or wherever you downloaded it?
And then let's go inside.
Part nine dimensionality reduction, then principal component analysis in Python.
There we go.
Let's take our wine dataset.
Click open and click.
OK, now, now you're ready to run this implementation with a simple run.
Oh, so let's click runtime here.
And are you ready?
Let's do this.
And three, two, one.
Go run.
Oh.
All right.
Pouring the libraries and importing the data set or playing the data repricing phase.
Then applying pressure.
Well, it goes way faster than me.
And why do we end up with.
Well, we actually end up with an amazing accuracy of 97 percent.
So this business owner, you know, of this wine shop definitely had a great intuition with this idea
of applying dimensionality reduction because, you know, dimensionality reduction doesn't only consist
of reducing the complexity of your dataset.
It can also improve the final results.
You know, by combining dimensionality reduction and your predictive model.
And here this is exactly what happened.
We get an amazing accuracy of 97 percent with actually only one incorrect prediction right in here.
By the way, this is interesting.
This is the first time you see a confusion matrix of three rows and three columns.
And that's the first sign.
We have three classes, right?
We have three customer segments, one, two and three.
Therefore, we have three classes to predict.
And so this is the number of correct predictions of customer segment one.
This is number of correct predictions of customer segment two.
This is the number of correct positions of customer segment three.
And this is the number of incorrect predictions of customer segment one.
Right.
So anyway, on the one incorrect prediction interval and that's why we end up with such a great accuracy.
And so now we should see amazing results on the graphs, you know, for us with visualizing the training
set result.
And indeed.
Well, you know, these are two principal components.
P.S. one on the X axis and P.S. two on the Y axis.
And then these are, you know, the different prediction regions.
This is the prediction region of class number three, where each one of which to extract it, coordinates
of P.c one, NPC two are in this blue region will be predicted to belong to customer segment number
three.
Then this is the prediction region of customer segment number two, where all the wines for which the
piece you want and p.c to extracted features that fall in this green region will be predicted to belong
to customer single number two.
And finally, this prediction region Red corresponds to customer segment number one inside which all
the wines of which the extracted feature is you one and pieces to fall in this region will be predicted
to belong to customer segment number one.
All right.
And then, of course, all the dots here, you know, the green dots here, the blue dots here and the
red dots here are the real observations, you know, the real wines themselves of the training set.
And so here we can indeed see that we have a few incorrect predictions.
But that's only on the training set.
For example, this is a green wine, meaning a wine that belongs to a customer.
Segment number two, which was predicted by the model to belong to customer segment number three.
And these are two other incorrect predictions of wines that belong in reality to customer segment number
two, but were predicted by the model to belong to customer segment number one.
All right.
And then another incorrect predictions here.
But to look at the incorrect predictions, it's more interesting to check them out on the test set.
And here is a test set and indeed even on new observations.
Well, our logistic regression model combined to dimensionality reduction was perfectly able to separate.
Well, the three classes and we can see very well that, you know, incorrect prediction that we saw
here in the computed matrix, which is, you know, right here, that's the incorrect prediction and
corresponds to a green wine, meaning a wine that in reality belongs to customer segment number two,
but was predicted by the model to belong to customer segment number one.
But it's OK.
You know, any business order or data scientist that ends up with such results with only one incorrect
prediction can just be super happy.
But let's see if we can beat that with our other dimensionality, reduction techniques like linear discriminant,
analysis.
And, you know, to beat that.
Well, we'll have to simply get a 100 percent accuracy.
So we'll see if you know the linear discriminant.
Which are the extracted features of the LDA technique?
Can build, you know, a prediction boundary that can separate.
Well, all these three classes.
So this will be quite challenging.
But this is doable.
And then we'll check if we can also do the same with Colonel PTA, which is our final dimensionality
reduction technique.
All right.
So as soon as you're ready for the next technique.
Well, I'll be super happy to join you in the next practical activity to implement LDA.
And until then, enjoy machine learning.